Add example of using `sunpy.net.attr.or_` (#6501)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6501.doc.rst

> Add example of how to search for multiple wavelengths attributes for AIA data using sunpy.net.attr.AttrOr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an example (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_acquiring_searching_multiple_wavelengths.py`) of how to search for multiple wavelengths attributes for AIA data using `sunpy.net.attr.AttrOr`.
```
Hopefully this works.
